Document Settings Sync issues (#3933)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync.md

### Enabling Settings Sync in VS Code Desktop

> > **Notice:** As of version 1.81, Settings Sync in VS Code has been experiencing issues. While we work to resolve this, we recommend using an earlier version of VS Code, such as [1.80.2](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_80), to avoid potential disruptions to your workflow. You can keep track of updates around this issue in [#18573](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/18573).

Reviewer: **Praise:**: Nice job on being specific on which update to downgrade to. 

**Suggestion:**  Let's add the reason + a link. 

**Suggestion:** Should we add any information or links on how to do the version downgrade? 

```suggestion
> **Notice:** As of version 1.81, Settings Sync in VS Code is experiencing issues, due to [an unanticipated change in the upstream VS Code API](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/pull/187006). Whilst the issue is resolved, we recommend using an earlier version of VS Code, such as [1.80.2](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_80). For updates or feedback, see this issue: [#18573](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/18573).
```

![image](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/assets/5528307/623280ce-88a4-42f0-9486-6e519f5f6df3)

Author: I think the links that are there are enough: the release page has links for downloads.
